---
title: Reports and workshop sumary
nav: Reports
topics: Exports; Reports; Summary 
description: REDCap provides several built-in reports and allows you to make your own. It also allows you to export your data to most major statistical packages.
---

### Review reports

{% capture basicreport %}
1.	Click on Data Exports, Reports, and Stats on the left-hand navigation. 
2.	Click View Report.
3.	Observe that the one (or two) entries made to the project appear. 
4.	Click Stats and Charts.
5.	Use the drop-down to select Baseline Health Data. 
6.	Show participants the statistical plots generated by REDCap.
{% endcapture %}
{% include card.html header="View a basic report" text=basicreport %}

### Export data

{% capture export %}
7.	Click on Data Exports, Reports, and Stats on the left-hand navigation. 
8.	Click Export Data. Most major statistical package formats are represented: CSV, SPSS, STATA and R. 
9.	Note also the de-identification options, especially the option to Remove all tagged identifier fields.
10.	Click Cancel (don’t export the data).
{% endcapture %}
{% include card.html header="Export de-identified data" text=export %}

___

## Summary

### What we’ve done and what we haven’t

This workshop has focused on getting your project set up and enabling a survey instrument quickly, covering some of the most useful features of REDCap along the way. But REDCap is an extensive program and there are a number of things we just didn’t have the time to cover. 

{% capture whatwedid %}
- Logged in to REDCap
- Crated a new project
- Created a data collection instrument and enabled it as a survey
- Created various survey fields
- Marked some fields as personally identifiable
- Assigned validation to some fields
- Assigned branching logic to determine whether a field is shown
- Created calculated fields for age and BMI
- Embedded a YouTube clip
- Created an Action Tag
- Downloaded and edited a data dictionary
- Reviewed the survey settings
- Added survey participants
- Distributed the survey using email and QR code
- Activated our project
{% endcapture %}
{% include card.html header="Here’s what we did:" text=whatwedid %}

{% capture whatwedidnotdo %}
- Longitudinal studies
- User Rights and Access Groups
- Randomisation
- Action tags in detail
- Send-It (secure file send)
- Messenger
- Custom links
- Automated survey invitations
{% endcapture %}
{% include card.html header="Here are some of the things we didn’t cover:" text=whatwedidnotdo %}
 
___

## What support is available

This workshop should be enough to get your started, but there is no doubt you will have questions as you go. Here are your sources of help, in the order you should access them: 

1.	The REDCap help pages found under Help & FAQ in the left-hand navigation or from the top of the My Projects page. 
2.	Griffith Library's [Working with Data](https://www.griffith.edu.au/library/research-publishing/working-with-data/create-and-capture) pages - these contains general information about capturing research data and about our survey tools and techniques.
3.	Ask us for help directly via https://intranet.secure.griffith.edu.au/library/forms/help 

___

{% include alert.html text="**Well done!** Keep and eye out for our upcomign workshop on longitudinal studies in REDCap." color="success" %}
